docs/about.md, before:

# Introduction & About

Our world is pretty complex, and when humans aren't going around [fucking it up](https://www.treehugger.com/americas-worst-man-made-environmental-disasters-4869316), we can sometimes actually create cool shit. I drive a car every day and I used to ride the subway every day (#public-transit-4eva) but that doesn't mean I can begin to understand how either works. 🤨

I'm always interested in learning new things across different disciplines and specialties, but I also have a bad time at reading through slow, deep-dive, textbook-like prose. Ain't nobody got time for that! So I wanted to work on a website where I could interview subject matter experts and professionals across different industries to learn how the most important things in the world just fuckin' work.

Welcome to _How the Fuck Does It Work_, where you can learn how neat things throughout history _just_ work, as we mindlessly scroll on our little pocket computers that are millions of times more powerful than what took man to the moon.

## How Does This Work?

### Reading

Well, search or dig through the sidebar for a term you want to learn about, and Boom!...use those elementary-level reading skills with the vocabulary of a high school sophomore, and you've done it! You may have just learned something new while hopefully enjoying our content. If you didn't enjoy it, but still learned something, well then make it better. If you didn't learn anything _and_ you didn't enjoy it, well then go jump around on Wikipedia like an undergrad student writing their final the night before its due. 🤷🏼‍♂️

### Content Creation

I will either interview, research, or work with subject matter experts for requested topics and write up content as I see fit. I'd like to make this a team effort through people contributing Pull Requests, but then that just makes this an Open Source project, and we in tech know how poorly those are usually maintained.

## Any Credits You Want to Give?

Well, thanks [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) for making a pretty kickass documentation generator.

Thanks to the creator of the [Ellie HTML theme](https://cruip.com/ellie/) for the home page design. I'm a big fan of The Last of Us games, so it made sense when I came across a template with the name of the main character.

Commit message:

about page has some content

docs/about.md, after:

# Introduction & About

Our world is pretty complex, and when humans aren't going around [fucking it up](https://www.treehugger.com/americas-worst-man-made-environmental-disasters-4869316), we can sometimes actually create cool shit. I drive a car every day and I used to ride the subway every day (#public-transit-4eva) but that doesn't mean I can begin to understand how either works. 🤨

I'm always interested in learning new things across different disciplines and specialties, but I also have a bad time at reading through slow, deep-dive, textbook-like prose. Ain't nobody got time for that! So I wanted to work on a website where I could interview subject matter experts and professionals across different industries to learn how the most important things in the world just fuckin' work.

Welcome to _How the Fuck Does It Work_, where you can learn how neat things throughout history _just_ work, as we mindlessly scroll on our little pocket computers that are millions of times more powerful than what took man to the moon.

## How Does This Work?

### Reading

Well, search or dig through the sidebar for a term you want to learn about, and Boom!...use those elementary-level reading skills with the vocabulary of a high school sophomore, and you've done it! You may have just learned something new while hopefully enjoying our content. If you didn't enjoy it, but still learned something, well then make it better. If you didn't learn anything _and_ you didn't enjoy it, well then go jump around on Wikipedia like an undergrad student writing their final the night before its due. 🤷🏼‍♂️

### Content Creation

I will either interview, research, or work with subject matter experts for requested topics and write up content as I see fit. I'd like to make this a team effort through people contributing Pull Requests, but then that just makes this an Open Source project, and we in tech know how poorly those are usually maintained.

### Structure

The content will be structured by category, and we will see how untidy it becomes, just like everything else in my life. I'm sure it'll be fine 😅 but we will readjust as necessary.

## Any Credits You Want to Give?

Well, thanks [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) for making a pretty kickass documentation generator.

Thanks to the creator of the [Ellie HTML theme](https://cruip.com/ellie/) for the home page design. I'm a big fan of The Last of Us games, so it made sense when I came across a template with the name of the main character.
